howdy folks how's it going welcome to my
virgin kitchen its Barry here today I'm
showing you how to make an easy meatball
goulash it smells so so good and the
ingredients are minimal you're gonna
absolutely love this so hit pause on the
video now write them all down this is
how you do it it's so so good so the
first step is actually cooking up our
meatballs now these are some frozen
meatballs that I got from Sainsbury's
did but there's nothing to stopping you
I'm making your own from fresh and
either cooking them straight away or
putting them in the freezer for a later
date and obviously hopefully making this
recipe so whack them into an oven proof
dish I bake my own for around about 22
minutes gas mark 6 or equipment which I
put on the screen right there and just
while they're cooking away it's time to
move on with some other steps oh yeah so
over a medium flame whack down a frying
pan and add in a tablespoon of olive oil
then follow up by tipping in your
chopped onions now those are frozen
chopped onions you want to soften them
up for around about 5 minutes until
they're all translucent and like lush
and smelling all good in the kitchen
initially and then we're gonna add some
more flavor in there so I added in some
frozen chopped garlic and also some
paprika now stirring that through will
stay in it and make it like it's on
sunbed but will really add some decent
flavor in there now I need to tell you
about that garlic that I was using I've
got these pots today this is frozen
chopped parsley but the garlic and the
onions also came in pots like this is so
good particularly the onions and the
garlic because you can sort of snap them
off and then sort of whack them down
once you're done no wastage back in the
freezer for another day and also with it
the onions and the garlic particularly
no smelly fingers no crying all that
stuff but anyhow what you want to do is
add in your tomatoes tin of chopped
tomatoes and 300 milliliters of water
once that's all in there it will sauce
stir it well through those initial
flavors start to bring it to a simmer
but crumble in a beef stock cube as well
get that all in there and again keep
stirring it through bringing it to a
simmer so while that's simmering away
and you've got your meatballs in the
oven it's just time to cook up your
spaghetti to package instructions so I
used some high fiber spaghetti just put
that straight into my pan and then we
had the spaghetti cooking away the
goulash simmering away like bubbling
like a cauldron and of course the
meatballs too so once the meatballs
ready it was time to take them out very
very carefully lovely nice color on them
and gradually add them into the pan with
the thickened goulash sauce so that's
really what the stage you want to simmer
it to just so it's thickened okay so get
the meatballs in there stir it through
get it nice and coated then I added a
bag of frozen ready chopped peppers you
seen a theme here lots of frozen stuff
but it's all good we're cooking it
straight from frozen how cool is that
so the peppers go in and then my good
old parsley this is the actual table I
use it's so good it's just sprinkle it
all on there like that so I'm gonna chop
it no wastage as well I can whack that
back in the freezer get that all stirred
through in there let it simmer all those
flavors mingle together for a good five
minutes and once you're ready to serve
it get you super Getti down on a plate
get some of the initial peppers and
onions and garlic all down first of all
place down some meatballs as well little
bit more juice on top and if you want
you can finish it with a little
sprinkling of Oregon oh so so good I
hope you'll agree that is looking pretty
darn stocking time to taste it yeah here
we go mmm
shiver me timbers guys that tastes
amazing and remember I cooked it
straight from frozen and that isn't the
movie frozen let it go that is frozen
from my freezer which is not becoming my
best best friend indeed so many flavors
in there considering the minimal
ingredients so guys if you enjoyed this
recipe I want to see more frozen recipes
you can click here to see some recipes
I've done for the Saints with Channel
all good right there but I hope you give
the recipe a go guys if you do send me a
picture @myvirginkitchen I love to see
what you come up with in fact a little
daughter Phoebe however they would taste
this and see what she thinks
yes Phoebe is here alright mate yeah so
she's taking after her that I said to
Pheebs what you want little bit
meatballs and spaghetti
she said no on it all right meatball
spaghetti and peppers in that goes is
that nice I think she likes it amazing
and I absolutely love it it smells so
good I remember with authentic goulash
it's quite heavily paprika based
Hungarian dish right the Hungarian
paprika is so so good as well so really
going to town on it personalize it add
these flavors make it your own you're
right yeah those are dinner
well she's not important person maybe
we'll share
see you next time guys